feat(ontology): add Representation (DEV-551) (#160)
dasch-swiss/dsp-tools: docs/dsp-tools-create-ontologies.md

}
```

#### Representation

`"object": "Representation"`

> Refers to `knora-base:Representation`. Has to be used in combination with `"super": ["hasRepresentation"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A property pointing to a `knora-base:Representation`. Has to be used in combination with `"super": ["hasRepresentation"]`. A resource having this generic property `hasRepresentation` can point to any type of Representation, be it a `StillImageRepresentation`, an `AudioRepresentation`, etc.
```
